## ngDemo AngularJS App Skeleton
This is a demo app that I use to personally learn more about AngularJS.

#### PRE-REQUISITES
The following must be properly installed in order to build this app.
1. Node.js
2. Bower
3. Grunt

The scss files are compiled by Grunt so installing Ruby and Sass isn't necessary.

#### INSTALLATION
Enter commands in a terminal in the project root.

    bower install
    npm install

**Note:** The bower components are installed to `src/assets/bower_components/`

#### GRUNT SPECIFICATION
The Grunt environment is a work in progress and is not production ready at this time.

Gruntfile.js contains all of the task configuration settings necessary to build this applications
production files. It was meticulously custom built specifically for this application and should
only be modified by developers with Grunt experience.

##### TASKS:

Fresh Copy of All Production Files: the first step after setting up the project.  Empties the /dist folder
then runs all the app-* and vdr-* build tasks concurrently

    grunt buildfull


###### Automating Grunt:
watches the /src files for changes to .scss, .js, .html and image files then automatically builds the corresponding
/dist files as you work. It's a development tool meant to be used after running `buildfull`.

    grunt watch

###### Main Tasks:
_App Builder_ - runs all the app-* build tasks concurrently.  If you don't have 'grunt watch' running in a terminal when developing,
this task can be run afterwards to update /dist.  It's also necessary if you add miscellaneous files to /src that
aren't covered by watch.

    grunt buildapp

_Vendor Builder_ - runs all the vdr-* build tasks concurrently.  Outside of buildfull, this is really only necessary if you update a
bower package. (vdr stands for vendor)

    grunt buildvdr

###### Individual Tasks:

| Task           | Description                                       |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| grunt app-css  | runs the following sub-tasks:                     |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;grunt app-css-assets | Compile sass, concant, minimize and copy app asset css to dist |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;grunt app-css-custom | Compile sass, minimize and copy app custom css to dist |
| grunt app-js   | Uglify, concant and copy app js files to dist     |
| grunt app-html | Minimize html files and copy to dist              |
| grunt app-copy | Copy all miscellaneous app files to dist          |
| grunt app-imgs | Minimize images and copy to dist                  |
|                |                                                   |
| grunt vdr-js   | Uglify, concant and copy vendor js files to dist  |
| grunt vdr-css  | Concant, minimize and copy vendor css to dist     |
| grunt vdr-copy | Copy the files needed by vendor libraries to dist |
***

#### FOLDER STRUCTURE
##### SRC:
The working directory containing the raw application source files.
There are a few things to keep in mind about files in /src:
1. All images will be minified and moved to that same location in /dist.
2. [SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/) - Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets
   * All .scss files in /assets/sass will be concatenated and saved as /dist/assets/css/style.min.css
   * All other .scss files will be moved to that same location in /dist with the extention .min.css.
     - If you use .css instead of .scss the file will merely be copied to the same location in /dist.
3. All .js files will be concatenated and saved as /dist/assets/js/app.min.js

##### DIST:
The dist folder contains the production version of the src files.
It's contents are automatically generated by Grunt.
Grunt task to empty the dist folder: grunt clean:dist  <- grunt buildfull is required afterward

##### STAGE:
The stage folder is used by Grunt during the build. Any files or folders it contains can be safely deleted.
It's contents are not deleted after a build because they can be useful for debugging.
Grunt task to empty the stage folder: grunt clean:stage
***

#### VIEWING THE SITE IN A BROWSER
After completing the installing and successfully running 'grunt buildfull', you can access the website in your
browser at: http://localhost/path-to-site/dist/  <- replace localhost/path-to-site as necessary for your system.
***

#### BOWER
Vendor libraries are managed with Bower.  The file .bowerrc in the root is used to map the components folder
to: src/assets/bower_components/
***

#### BUILD ENVIRONMENT
This application was built on Ubuntu 14.04 with an Apache2 server. The mod_rewrite module is required.

#### CUSTOM SERVICES
Custom services get created in the /services/dash/custom directory.  Services are angular factory, service or provider
services that provide additional functionality to the core application.

Services use the dashApp module:

    dashApp.factory('MySrvc', [function() { ... }]);

The exception to this are Directives that use the baseApp module.

    baseApp.directive('myDirective', [function() { ... }]);

Each custom service extends the DashboardSrvc.  Open /services/dash/dashboard.src.js and add your service name to the
inherited services lists and also the the angular.extend function.  Anywhere DashboardSrvc is used, all of the services
extending it are also available.

Directives cannot extend a controller which is why they are defined in the baseApp module.  The baseApp module is the
front-most app into which all the views are loaded, which means that your directives will automatically be available.